because here birds are birds no I don't
hear any birds Oh shark hello you know I
need this food I know what we need hold
on what do we need Austin is it me is it
mood music I think we'd be sick no no
throw boy anchor no ok you guys can't be
honest though if I was gonna be stuck on
a stupid boat I'd want to be stuck with
literally anybody but you too but I'm
glad you guys are here oh the exact same
way I feel like we're working together
very well you know yeah I think you
somebody get that barrel over there
towards the island I missed I've heard
that it's okay for tonight when he takes
shots he's never gonna hit okay
unnecessary roughness okay okay my my
bed my bed's dim calm down yeah okay all
right there's food here if somebody
needs food I'll take it
yeah I need an expert then guys yeah
guys guys guys guys
what look look where I'm pointing
oh I'll get a little sleepy I'll see you
guys oh my goodness why this is although
I think that if we pass out we can be
revived now I think you need to bed to
revive yeah almost players must are all
players must be sleeping it says so I
think we need more beds
oh okay so we can make a daytime like
minecraft style I think I think this is
literally just minecraft okay guys the
fish that I have are legit too big to
fit on the grill look how big these fish
are Wow oh my gosh yeah wow that's quite
a fish yeah I can we need we need a
bigger grill guys okay it's there did we
already do we already use the fresh
water on the plants yeah yeah okay I
don't know what it is but like I'm not
like pulling resources I know right it's
like you actually start okay listen
we're gonna go to the arcade and play
the crane game and man they don't even
stand a chance in an hour
fine all right I actually have so many
resources now okay I mean so with the
metal you can craft up nails by the way
so that's how you get the nails I have
some scrap yeah we can use wet bricks
that's nice wet breaks why do we need
wet brass don't ask I need to build a
wall probably I mean just search table
we should probably make a research table
actually small home baby how much is it
plank and scratch so that's easy nail I
have all the scrap we need we actually
all I need oh we can make the sale yeah
yeah let's do it
I need nine with mics and I can make the
sale I got you I got you
here boom oh oh okay well we should
definitely get a boy table no yeah we
should this is perfect I'm getting so
many things guys alright we need to get
a spear something for this guy
alright fixed I'll get I'll get a spear
I'll make a weapon let's start upgrading
around the middle areas yeah I need more
I need more planks well finally we move
oh this is amazing so yeah what
directions want to go I wouldn't know
where ever
if you see an island car cuz we can turn
it okay oh that's this is so good oh
yeah I know oh ok now we're now we're
doing something I like this now we're
moving yeah there's a quick beat here oh
yeah I need that real bad okay I'll get
nexted then yeah I was like dying
actually why are we doing it this way
let's make another cooking pot whoever
took the water did not put a purifier on
okay
I literally just took it and I was
putting it back okay okay guys can we
call it down here please
alright I'm getting really tired of
these accusations listen as Captain
lame-o over here no you're not look at
me look at me look at me I am the
captain
absolutely not right absolutely
it looks like I gotta go fishing in guys
cuz my fishing skills are so good I
can't I capture fish that are too fat
for the grill cuz we eat him like sushi
alright I feel like that's a really bad
idea yeah probably no it's probably
terrible because we have no idea how to
do sushi okay so look again we probably
shouldn't try that look this bed
it's nice quality bed this is giving me
all the joy of like things I wanted to
be able to do I need the next food in
subnautica with like players yeah that's
for sure yeah yeah I was like wait wait
wait
okay catching some more fat fish attaboy
boom all my fishing pole broke but
that's fine okay perfect oh I got I got
raw beets I'm gonna plant it yeah I plan
to plant it but nice I need this next
water yeah where is the planting plant
the Robie there we go wow you're right
we should make another water thing yeah
I'm gonna make a spear put it on that
side though cuz I that's closer like
further away from the shark attack
I need more planks and I'll be able to
make one for the simple pure fire how
many how many place do you need let me
make it three actually what does it cost
to make shark be a rope and a raw
herring or Fred you if you catch any
more herrings I look WAY airings I have
a herring gift 82 I need to Harry oh
okay I don't if you make shark bait and
I can check the water nice okay well I
need another fishing pole then but I
have a spear can I stab okay doesn't
work oh and it uses it up so let's not
do that
I need to make another fishing pole what
do you get I need a rope I don't need
rope
I need planks wood great net points are
the hardest thing right now yeah for
real we need to find an island that's
what we need to do the shop down trees
another fire where you want it perfect I
know we have any servers or keep it end
up with it yeah yeah does anybody thanks
for the equip it onto the pier fire
I'm one I need food send you buddy have
food
I mean some food being cooked why is it
no bhoomika QT you're the food master
fine fine fine I'll put the raw no we
can't die yeah we need to cook the
potatoes alright listen if you're gonna
be miss little starving mr. Burson over
here here's two things we don't have any
we don't have any yeah whatever you want
to call them fishing rod I'm trying to
get the fishing rod oh yeah I can I also
have everything that I need to make a
axe but I'm not going to because I
really would like to get the fishing rod
first I made it but like what the bought
action is another is the bottom there's
a lot of sections alright I think it's
in Tools the bottom of the tool section
oh okay alright so we need another grill
so okay we're opening a bar and grill
okay and again I'm not sure you should
probably expand her or think a little
bit yeah we should marking or or get a
research thing research table oh we
gotta do everything man we got to
everything they're hearing my foods
going down I'm gonna need some more food
soon yes okay well I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna fish constantly then okay is
there any way we can get like whoa
that's a little close for comfort food
hey I hear you like heard you like
fishies so I brought you a fish no I'm
gonna I'm kind of tempted to just eat
the fish like this fat fish there's raw
yeah you won't why is that I'm gonna
cooking Austin I gave you those potatoes
huh oh I replanted one Oh guys the other
we need some food start cooking food I'm
not good chef yeah we don't know we took
a vote we took a vote I was voted most
likely to be captain oh so takes your
water down but it's still I got the
spear yeah
okay prepare oh oh oh
after you put it down you can edit it
Austin what look at it Clint look at
right uh point your hammer and then
right-click it Oh guys we have to make a
second story yeah I don't even Russ we
can do that yeah we're making the second
story well I think we I think we need to
be bigger on the bottom before we do
that right but then everybody have like
their own little area there's gonna be a
huge ship we're making a ship this isn't
yeah we're making like an entire island
now yeah yeah absolutely
oh my gosh absolutely okay what do you
need for the shark bait dude food I need
I can't I open my inventory myself oh I
see another look look look in front of
us there's a ship is it oh yeah right
ahead
alright well I know what you ship for
the shark bait I need to either raw
herrings or raw pom Fritz I got here I
just threw out two raw herrings oh so
you did don't mind if I do
uh oh shoot let me just eat that food
yeah I did okay I'm about to I'm about
to be very hungry very hungry boy so you
might need to put me in bed so I can
recover like it was a piece of plastic
yeah we got it we got to get some planks
going cause I got it I already got it I
got it
alright we're right next to it anybody
got a paddle to paddle this over well we
don't need that just turn the sail turn
the sail sail yeah somebody please turn
the sail we're in big trouble
it's a lot of trash a writer how far to
the left of I need to go pretty hard
pretty hard left I think okay we're
going hard like far I see I see we're
good we're good perfect come sail away
come sail away with me
nice we got to make sure we keep
ourselves busy you know put on the on
the grill before it
well job' yeah well I dropped a bee
all right oh sorry I had to be done
really good okay put that back
perfecto I'm going for it
oh wait there's a grill there's a grill
can we pick that up yeah where is it
it's on the bottom yeah I guess we can't
I guess we can I miss the great head
bolts it had bolts okay pretty good
check yourself guys I got I got a shark
bait hold you do oh there's an island
shark bait over there no I'm going in
I'm going in oh he's going oh oh oh
everything okay down here it's very deep
oh we don't have any equipment those oh
yeah you're right you're right we need
scuba let's go there weed I need place
guys okay
I currently have one but okay for you
here I dropped it perfect I make sure
we're Julie Island oh no I did not want
to lay down I want to pick up the front
it's just a plank bro it's just this a
plank wait oh I need next no no no I
don't think so dude hey are we making
food oh there we go
okay no I need food other than that
we're not big the sea madness is
starting to set in boys make sure you
keep you know redoing the water every
time yeah yeah yep yep yep gonna make
sure our big girl stuff okay everything
is coming together
we gotta get we got a stop on that
island okay we didn't like an anchor so
we don't like sail away from what I
think it might not sail away from us I
think that might just be one of the few
things that'll do for us that's our
anchor then I don't know if there is an
acre I was just saying we kinda is on is
there
well we're gonna need an acre because we
need to stop at this island throw a
blinker we need two planks I need two
planks just give me two planks
I'll make it round alright used once by
the way can only be used once let me
steer us around to you there's a better
landing spot that's safer from the the
old shark aru let me know well I'm an
anchor cuz I got my pointing finger
ready to go you do you're really
appointment y'all might turn out we
rotated back so it like points out it
does no one have a paddle like you know
no no we do here anymore
okay we're sailing boy give me six
plastic and I can make a paddle yeah I
have the plastic for it yeah I can make
the paddle alright
that way I could just like no I need
place for it are we gonna be able to get
up there I got planks we're not able to
get it's a high island boys give me the
plastic I can like jump on your head and
then get up on there I'm not worried
about that we just gotta get we'll make
a ttk well fine right now you're a
frontrunner runway intere take the
plastic okay daddy
let's go let's get going I just need
wood so I can make an axe so we can chop
down some trees trees okay okay trees
trees how this paddles that uh I think
we're going against the current maybe I
think we are going to get security we
are going against okay this is not good
Bruce did you name him I mean well he's
Bruce the shark you know fish are
friends not food
yeah but humans food for sure family
yeah yeah yeah this is uh I don't know
if we can even get up there and I'm
getting hungry
what I said I need food guys could
someone give me food no we can make a
staircase
my trip what are you doing in my swamp
oh good job dude a good job get out of
here oh we're running out of food yeah
we're not we're not making it we're just
we're just good food just give me okay
I'm gonna let me start cooking it again
oh I'm so hungry
just put the beat here I'm just gonna
heat this other raw one now yeah we are
if you have plenty of water I can give
you a fat fish tea I mean we don't there
you go just eat that and shake the water
down perfect all right let's go yeah
that was worth it those were there for
me give it that perfect you have an egg
your pollution is in this ocean I know
there's a lot of planks and barrels I
know this is rough
who lost all their barrels I know a
barrel of monkeys man a beginner
gatherer apparently I've got captured a
hundred things so far wow that's crazy
insane I'm not complaining I'm very
happy with this whole situation that's
very great little game I'm excited to
see how like crazy we can make our
adventure oh yeah exactly
I'm going to bed no get back on here
dude alright okay oh my gosh what a guy
we had to throw him overboard nicely
let's I say we throw him overboard now
100% 200% even I just open up a barrel
that had like six planks in it oh okay
are you really a good man he's really
just Austin there's not even any food
cooking what do you I mean this could be
no that's mine don't know I did it I'm
gonna die
good well ye that's what you get from
napping yeah napping on the job dude
daddy Hey
despicable absolutely despicable guys
why'd you got what you got what do you
mean I got an ax drain oh why is there a
storm all of a sudden okay I'll take
down the mizzenmast batten the hatches
austin austin plunged the the main deck
uh what's going on with the main deck
you know i like filters with normal
water probably our harvest is done great
i like oh we're still just like cooking
casually in the middle of all I'm taking
oh I'm so scared
guys I think besides the madness well
you're the one who called him smelly so
this is not my belly cuz not my problem
this this is it's raging out of control
take him not a storm father judge my
potato riot i'm ready and waiting for
you to take it off so I can put the
macro on it dude you're a Madeleine I'm
gonna take your potato I'm gonna paddle
you in the face ride oh oh yeah I'm not
gonna yeah I didn't captain with that
axe chop chop shops it gonna be burnt
why's it take so long to make a potato
oh there's a guy up here yeah for some
reason the potatoes take a super-long
what you gotta get me go through you
know they're not that great are we need
to keep figuring out the water situation
here yeah yeah well I don't
people need to drink more of the water
alright stay hydrated I'm very hyper
what all right I kind of need some water
I actually don't need that much water
but oh no we definitely need to get oh
okay tell me when now we're going for a
swim man under board what what Oh guys
you ready I'll go all the way under the
boat no no that one it's hard when the
wave following us there's a storm
the fire is so salty like I know he's a
saltwater shark so like glitter yeah
like I understand that no makes sense
that he would be salty alright we're not
good at this no we're good we should
definitely stop I can be convinced
should we issue a lead people off to see
what what our adventures continue in the
next I agree sound good to me captain
alright oh he's the captain if you guys
want to see
to continue make sure to smash that like
button show some like on all of our
channels some love on all of our
channels and we'll return in more
adventures in raft